[MUSIC]
HOW MANY LICKS
DOES IT TAKE
TO GET TO THE
TOOTSIE ROLL CENTER
OF A TOOTSIE POP?
ONE...
TWO!
AH, SCREW IT.
OW, MY TOOTH.
WHY DID I BITE?
ERIC, IF YOU DON'T WANT TO
WEAR YOUR ASS FOR A HAT,
YOU'LL GET UP HERE,
PRONTO.
YOU'D BETTER GO.
YOU KNOW HOW
THAT ASS-HAT
SCREWS UP YOUR HAIR.
POOR FORMAN, HUH?
WORKING FOR RED LIKE THAT?
I WOULDN'T WISH THAT
ON MY ENEMIES.
I WOULD.
THOSE SUCKERS
MUST PAY.
HEY, JACKIE.
MICHAEL,
WHY DON'T YOU
SAVE THE SWEET STUFF
FOR THE NEXT IDIOT
WHO'S DUMB ENOUGH
TO DATE YOU?
YOU KNOW, JACKIE...
IF YOU'RE IN THE MARKET
FOR A NEW LOVER...
THEY SAY ONCE YOU GO FEZ,
YOU NEVER GO BACK.
IN MY LANGUAGE,
THAT RHYMES.
OKAY. UH,
WHERE'S DONNA?
SHE'S UPSTAIRS
WITH FORMAN.
AND DON'T
FOLLOW ME, MICHAEL.
WE'VE BROKEN UP,
AND I MEAN IT!
OH, I WASN'T.
IT'S A GOOD THING WE'RE
BROKEN UP, BECAUSE...
DAMN IT.
I MISS HER.
JEEZ, MAN.
WHO WOULDN'T?
SPARE ME THE
SARCASM, HYDE.
I AM REALLY
HURTING HERE,
AND I'M TOTALLY
LONELY.
MAN, I'VE SEEN PEOPLE
GUT-SHOT
WHO COMPLAIN
LESS THAN YOU.
OKAY, SO WHAT DO YOU
MISS ABOUT HER?
ALL SHE EVER DID
WAS CALL YOU NAMES.
HEY, I CAN DO THAT
FOR YOU.
YOU IDIOT. SEE?
OH. THANKS, FEZ.
NO PROBLEM,
FART-FACE.
♪ HANGIN' OUT ♪
♪ DOWN THE STREET ♪
♪ THE SAME OLD THING ♪
♪ WE DID LAST WEEK ♪
♪ NOT A THING TO DO ♪
♪ BUT TALK TO YOU ♪
♪ WE'RE ALL ALL RIGHT ♪
HELLO, WISCONSIN!
[WHISTLING]
DO YOU KNOW THE GREAT
THING ABOUT WHISTLING?
YOU CAN STOP WHISTLING.
SORRY.
ERIC? BEND YOUR KNEES,
AND LIFT
WITH YOUR LEGS,
OR ELSE, I'M GONNA...
KICK MY ASS, PUT
YOUR FOOT IN MY ASS,
MAKE MY ASS A HAT.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
JEEZ, AND I DIDN'T THINK
YOU WERE LISTENING.
OH, AND I NEED YOU
TO RE-STICKER
THOSE CLOCK RADIOS.
THEY'RE ON SALE.
YEAH, I SAW
THE FLYER.
I ALREADY
TOOK CARE OF IT.
REALLY? WELL...
WAY TO SHOW INITIATIVE.
WAY TO SHOW
INITIATIVE?
WHAT ARE YOU
UP TO?
NOTHING. I THINK
YOU DID A GOOD JOB.
OKAY, BUT
I'M WATCHING YOU.
HEY, GUYS.
SORRY I'M LATE, RED.
MY, UH, DOG
GOT HIT BY A CAR.
I HAD TO RUSH HIM
TO THE VET.
EARL.
YOUR DOG GOT HIT
ON TUESDAY, TOO.
HOW DUMB IS THAT DOG?
OKAY, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY, RED.
I KNOW YOU
GAVE ME A BREAK
'CAUSE WE WORKED AT
THE PLANT TOGETHER,
AND I APPRECIATE IT. I
SWEAR IT'S THE LAST TIME.
EARL, WHY CAN'T YOU
BE MORE LIKE ERIC?
I MEAN, HE'S... HE'S 18,
AND HE'S...
DAD, I'M, UH,
I'M 17.
ERIC.
I'M TALKING HERE.
AND HE'S ALREADY GOT A BETTER
WORK ETHIC THAN YOU.
OH, NO DOUBT THERE,
RED.
UH, YOU CAN TELL
HE'S YOUR SON.
HE'S A SUPER, UH...
EARL.
MMM?
LET'S JUST
GO TO WORK, OKAY?
SURE. RIGHT AFTER
A CUP OF JOE.
I'M USELESS
WITHOUT MY COFFEE.
WOW.
HE MUST NOT HAVE HAD
COFFEE IN YEARS, HUH?
[LAUGHS]
THAT'S PRETTY FUNNY.
OKAY, WHAT'S UP WITH YOU?
HEY, KELSO.
HOW'S IT GOING?
GREAT.
JUST 'CAUSE A GUY
SHOOTS HOOPS BY HIMSELF
DOESN'T MEAN
HE'S LONELY.
NO, FAR FROM IT.
OKAY, THAT'S GOOD.
HEY, DONNA? UM...
YOU KNOW, ALL THIS TALK
ABOUT BEING LONELY
KIND OF REMINDS ME
OF ME, YOU KNOW?
KELSO, ARE YOU GONNA
GET ALL EMOTIONAL?
'CAUSE JUST
'CAUSE I'M A GIRL
DOESN'T MEAN I WON'T
TOTALLY MAKE FUN OF YOU.
FAIR ENOUGH.
OKAY.
I KNOW I KEEP THINGS
BOTTLED UP,
BUT, YOU KNOW, UNDERNEATH
THIS COOL EXTERIOR,
THERE'S A REALLY SAD
HUMAN BEING.
MY GOD. THIS IS
ABOUT JACKIE.
YES. ALL RIGHT.
WHAT GAVE IT AWAY?
THE FACT THAT IT'S ALL
YOU EVER TALK ABOUT,
YOU STUPID DILLHOLE.
LOOK, KELSO. YOU'VE GOT TO
GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEAD.
JACKIE IS NOT
COMING BACK TO YOU.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU SLEPT
WITH SOMEONE ELSE!
YEAH, LIKE,
A MONTH AGO. GOD!
I JUST REALIZED
JACKIE'S SHORT.
AND I DON'T LIKE
SHORT PEOPLE.
THEY'RE CREEPY,
YOU KNOW?
ALWAYS SNEAKING UP
ON YOU.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHY
I WAS WITH HER.
MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE
SHE'S A TINY LITTLE WHORE.
OH. I MEANT
TO HURT YOU,
BUT I HURT MYSELF
BECAUSE I LOVE HER.
HEY, GUYS. I REALLY
CRACKED RED UP TODAY,
AND NOT BY TRIPPING OR
GETTING WET OR VOMITING.
DID YOU BUMP YOUR HEAD?
THAT'S GOOD STUFF.
NO, I JUST MADE A JOKE,
AND HE JUST GOT IT.
I MEAN, IT WORKED.
WE'RE LIKE, JUST TWO GUYS
BROUGHT TOGETHER
BY THE COMMON GOAL
OF SLASHING PRICES ON
ALL YOUR HOUSEHOLD NEEDS.
PLUS, I MEAN,
IT IS SO GREAT
TO SEE HIM CHEW OUT
OTHER PEOPLE.
YEAH, FORMAN.
NOW YOU KNOW
HOW WE FEEL WHEN
HE YELLS AT YOU.
YEAH. IT REALLY
IS HILARIOUS, MAN.
YOU GET ALL BUG-EYED
AND STUTTERY.
FELLAS...
I'VE BEEN THINKING.
THERE'S A LOT OF LADIES
OUT THERE, RIGHT?
NOW, I HAVEN'T SEEN NEARLY
ENOUGH OF THEM NAKED.
SOMETIMES, I AM LOOKING
AT NAKED LADIES,
AND THEN I GET EXHAUSTED.
AND THEN,
I GET A SECOND WIND,
AND THEN, I'M READY
FOR MORE NAKED LADIES.
IT'S LIKE, AT WORK,
THERE'S THIS GUY EARL,
AND HE'S A REAL
SCREW-UP, RIGHT?
SO, RED GETS
PRETTY P-O'd,
BUT THAT DEFLECTS ALL
OF RED'S ANGER FROM ME.
SO, I MEAN, EARL'S LIKE...
A DUMB-ASS LIGHTNING ROD.
I HEAR THAT, MAN.
YEAH.
I'LL ONLY WORK WITH
THE BARELY COMPETENT.
IT TAKES THE STRESS
OUT OF SLACKING OFF.
MAN, IT FEELS GREAT TO
BE FREE OF THAT MIDGET.
YEAH, UH... IT'S LIKE
THE WORLD IS MY OYSTER,
AND I'M READY
TO SHUCK IT.
NOTHING BUT HOT NEW
LADIES FROM HERE ON IN.
I WANT TO BE
BOLDLY GOING
WHERE NO MAN'S
GONE BEFORE.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
HELLO, MRS. FORMAN. I'M HERE
TO PICK UP LAURIE.
[LAUGHS]
NO, NO, NO.
YOU MEAN ERIC.
NO, UH, LAURIE.
YOUR OTHER KID.
BUT WHY?
YOU'RE DATING LAURIE?
THAT'S NOT DIFFERENT, MAN.
YOU'RE BOLDLY GOING WHERE
EVERY MAN'S GONE BEFORE.
STEVEN, IT IS NOT NICE
TO BE SO...
TRUTHFUL.
HI, KELSO.
DID YOU
BUY ME THOSE?
YEAH, JUST LIKE
YOU TOLD ME.
NO. I TOLD YOU
ROSES.
COME ON, DOOFUS.
NO OFFENSE,
MRS. FORMAN, BUT...
THOSE TWO COULD MAKE
THE DUMBEST BABIES EVER.
[LAUGHS]
THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
[CLEARS THROAT]
SPEAKING OF WORK.
WE WEREN'T
TALKING ABOUT WORK.
WORK. RIGHT.
DAD AND I
REALLY PUT IN
SOME HARD HOURS TODAY.
DIDN'T WE, POP?
YEP. ERIC'S REALLY BUSTING
HIS HUMP DOWN THERE.
WELL, I AM
JUST SO HAPPY
MY TWO FELLAS WORK SO WELL
TOGETHER. [LAUGHS]
HEY, HOW'S EARL DOING?
OH, HE'S OKAY.
BUT HIS DAMN DOG
CAN'T GO A DAY
WITHOUT GETTING HIT.
AT LEAST I'VE GOT
ONE GOOD MAN DOWN THERE.
RIGHT BACK AT YOU,
BIG GUY.
WELL, THAT EARL'S
ALWAYS BEEN A CHARACTER.
YEAH, LIKE TODAY,
HE WAS LATE,
AND DAD SAID,
GET TO WORK,
AND HE SAID,
SORRY, RED,
I'M USELESS
WITHOUT MY COFFEE."
AND THEN, I SAID...
HE MUST NOT HAVE HAD
COFFEE IN YEARS. RIGHT?
YEAH.
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS]
WELL, THAT'S CUTE.
YEAH, AND THAT'S NOT
EVEN MY BEST EARL JOKE.
OKAY, READY? KNOCK-KNOCK.
WHO'S THERE?
WELL, IT'S NOT EARL,
'CAUSE HE'S LATE.
YEAH, I'M GUESSING
EARL'S NOT SHORT FOR EARLY.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE,
RED.
I GOT ONE. UM...
THERE ONCE WAS A GIRL
FROM NANTUCKET...
OKAY, OKAY.
LET'S JUST ALL EAT.
HEY, UH, LAURIE?
YEAH, COULD YOU, UH...
GET OUT!
THANKS.
COME ON, KELSO.
COME UP TO MY ROOM.
I NEED YOU TO, UM,
HELP ME MOVE MY BOOKCASE.
THAT MEANS WE'RE
GONNA HAVE SEX.
YEAH, THANKS FOR
CRACKING THAT CODE.
HEY, MAN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THEY'RE GOING UP
TO HAVE SEX.
GET THE WAX
OUT OF YOUR EARS.
MAN, YOU CAN'T
BRING MY SISTER
DOWN TO THE BASEMENT.
THIS IS OUR FORTRESS
OF SOLITUDE.
WELL, I'M SORRY, BUT SHE'S MY
GIRLFRIEND, AND I LOVE HER.
NO, YOU DON'T.
WELL, I LIKE HER.
I THINK SHE IS OKAY,
AND THE LINE BETWEEN LOVE
AND OKAY IS PRETTY FINE.
BUT THE LINE BETWEEN DOING
IT AND NOT DOING IT,
THAT'S NOT FINE
AT ALL.
JUST LIKE THE LINE
BETWEEN MORON AND IDIOT?
EXACTLY. YOU KNOW,
IT TOOK ME MONTHS
TO GET JACKIE
IN THE SACK.
WELL, LAURIE, SHE
ALREADY LETS ME DO IT,
AND PLUS,
I'M OVER HERE
ALL THE TIME,
ANYWAY,
SO THERE'S LIKE,
THE CONVENIENCE FACTOR.
KELSO, MY BOOKCASE ISN'T
GOING TO MOVE ITSELF.
OR MAYBE IT WILL.
DAMN, I GOTTA GO.
DUMBEST BABIES EVER.
JACKIE? IT'S GREAT
TO SEE YOU SO HAPPY.
AND STRONG.
AND OVER KELSO.
YOU'RE LIKE A ROCK. YOU'RE
LIKE A TINY LITTLE ROCK.
DONNA, ARE YOU TRYING
TO TELL ME BAD NEWS,
OR ARE YOU MAKING FUN
OF MY BUTT?
NO, YOUR BUTT'S FINE.
FINE?
GLORIOUS.
WHATEVER. LOOK.
KELSO'S DATING LAURIE.
[GASPS]
I DON'T CARE.
OH, COME ON.
HOW CAN YOU
STILL HAVE
FEELINGS FOR HIM?
DONNA, I DON'T HAVE
FEELINGS FOR HIM.
I JUST HATE THAT BITCH
FOR MAKING HIM HAPPY.
OH, BELIEVE ME.
SHE WILL MAKE HIM
MORE MISERABLE
THAN YOU EVER DID.
OH, DONNA. THANK YOU.
I'M GONNA PRAY TO GOD
THAT YOU'RE RIGHT.
LAURIE, I HAVE
TO TALK TO YOU.
KELSO, WE GOTTA
CONFAB, MAN.
OKAY.
TOO MANY TIMES
I HAVE SAT IDLY BY
AND WATCHED YOU
MAKE BAD CHOICES.
I'VE SEEN YOU SCREW UP
AN AWFUL LOT.
AND SURE,
I'VE ENJOYED IT.
Both: BUT NOW,
YOU'VE GONE TOO FAR.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THIS IS ABOUT?
DUH. I'M NOT
AN IDIOT.
UH-UH.
MICHAEL HAS SOME
NICE QUALITIES, BUT...
LAURIE'S GOT
GREAT LEGS...
AND A FINE RACK,
BUT...
HE'S JUST A BOY.
SHE'S A MAJOR
SKANKOID.
AND YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE A BOY LIKE THAT
WILL END UP.
AND YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE A GIRL LIKE THAT
HAS BEEN.
NOW, I KNOW. I KNOW
YOU WANT A BOYFRIEND
WHO'S WEAK
AND EASILY MANIPULATED.
NOW, I KNOW
YOU'RE WEAK
AND EASILY
MANIPULATED.
BUT YOU HAVE
GOT TO LEARN
TO THINK
ABOUT THE FUTURE.
BUT YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN TO THINK.
AND...
Both: AND MAKE
SMART CHOICES.
'CAUSE
WHAT'S CONVENIENT
ISN'T ALWAYS
WHAT'S BEST.
IF IT WERE,
I'D JUST
THROW ON A MUUMUU
AND EAT OUT OF A CAN.
IF IT WERE,
THIS FROZEN PIZZA
WOULDN'T TASTE
LIKE MONKEY BUTT.
OKAY. ARE YOU DONE
WITH THIS
LITTLE LECTURE?
OKAY. YOU DONE
WITH THAT PIZZA?
Both: YES.
AND I THINK
I'VE MADE MY POINT.
[THINKING] OH, GOD.
I'VE GOT TO GET
MY OWN PLACE.
[THINKING]
THIS DOESN'T TASTE
LIKE MONKEY BUTT.
OH, JEEZ, RED.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE
FOR OUR
LITTLE MEETING.
MY, UH, DOG GOT...
UH, CAR GOT HIT
BY A, UH...
CAR. ACCIDENT.
THAT'S THE WORD.
ERIC? TAKE YOUR BREAK
ANYWHERE BUT HERE.
EARL...
YOU'RE FIRED.
WHAT? WHAT DID I DO?
WHAT DID YOU DO?!
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT YOU DID.
[ANGRY GIBBERISH]
AND ANOTHER THING.
HI. HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
I HAD TO LET EARL GO.
LET EARL GO?
YOU YELLED AT HIM
UNTIL HE CRIED.
HEY. WHAT KIND
OF A MAN CRIES
AFTER ONLY 15 MINUTES
OF YELLING?
WELL, I'M SORRY.
I DON'T LIKE
THE WAY
YOU HANDLED EARL.
DAD, HE WAS
YOUR FRIEND.
ERIC, HUSH, HUSH,
HUSH, HUSH.
ERIC, WORK IS WORK.
YOU DON'T SHOW UP LATE,
YOU DON'T MAKE EXCUSES,
AND YOU DON'T NOT WORK.
IF IT WASN'T WORK,
THEY WOULDN'T CALL IT WORK.
THEY'D CALL IT SUPER-WONDERFUL,
CRAZY-FUN TIME.
OR SKIPPITY-DOO.
OH, JEEZ. WHY THE HELL
AM I EVEN TALKING TO YOU?
OH, ERIC.
WHY DID YOU HAVE TO GO
AND UPSET YOUR FATHER?
I CAN'T HAVE
MY OWN OPINION
WITHOUT HIM
TEARING MY HEAD OFF?
NO.
AND I THINK AT YOUR AGE, YOU
SHOULD KNOW THAT BY NOW.
WELL, NO, MOM, NO.
UH-UH.
MAN, WE HAD SUCH A GOOD
THING GOING AT WORK,
AND HE JUST
WRECKED THAT.
AND BY THE WAY,
WITHOUT EARL,
I'M BACK
TO DUMB-ASS.
HE'S JUST...
HE'S JUST MEAN.
OH, YOU SHUT
YOUR PORKY MOUTH, MISTER.
WELL THEN,
IT JUST STINKS
BECAUSE,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS
THE FIRST TIME
WE WERE EVER LIKE, YOU
KNOW, COOL WITH EACH OTHER.
MAN, WHY DOES
HE HAVE TO BE
SUCH A HARD-ASS
ALL THE TIME?
OH, COME ON, ERIC.
THAT'S HOW
HE EXPRESSES HIMSELF.
THAT'S HOW HE'S ALWAYS
EXPRESSED HIMSELF.
YOUR FATHER YELLS AT YOU
BECAUSE HE CARES.
YEAH, RIGHT. WELL, IF THAT'S
TRUE, THEN...
THEN...
STAND UP STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE
A DUMB-ASS.
YOU CALL THIS
A REPORT CARD?
HANDS ABOVE
THE COVERS.
HUH.
I GUESS HE REALLY,
REALLY CARES.
AND...
IF NOT, YOU'RE...
YOU'RE MOVING OUT SOON.
SO. YOU KNOW
WHO I HATE?
LAURIE.
OH, JACKIE. I KNOW
YOU'RE UPSET
AND... AND IN PAIN,
BUT YOU'RE
NOT GOING TO TALK
DURING HOLLYWOOD
SQUARES, ARE YOU?
NO, I MEAN,
I REALLY DO HATE HER.
NO OFFENSE, ERIC,
BUT YOUR SISTER...
SHE'S A SLUT.
OH, MY GOD.
JACKIE, NOT SINCE
THE SMOKY VS. BANDIT DEBATE
HAVE YOU AND I SO BEEN
ON THE SAME PAGE.
YEAH, I THINK
WE'RE ALL ON BOARD.
GOD,
THIS IS SO GREAT.
YOU GUYS ALL HATE
LAURIE AND LOVE ME.
YEAH, WE ALL HATE LAURIE.
SHH. OH, GREAT.
LAMBCHOP HAD A JOKE,
AND I MISSED IT.
HEY, GUYS.
OH, HI, MICHAEL.
KELSO, AS YOUR
NEW GIRLFRIEND,
I'M REALLY
NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH YOUR
OLD GIRLFRIEND
HANGING OUT
DOWN HERE.
OKAY.
UH, HEY, JACKIE,
DO YOU MIND?
NO. NO, I DON'T MIND
IF YOU LEAVE.
SHE'S NOT LEAVING.
WELL, I'M NOT,
EITHER.
SHE'S NOT, EITHER.
FINE.
HEY!
THIS IS MY HOUSE.
SO WHAT?
ERIC WANTS ME HERE.
DON'T YOU, ERIC?
WHY, YES, I DO.
YOU BETTER
WATCH YOUR BACK.
REALLY? 'CAUSE YOU...
SHOULD STOP SPENDING
SO MUCH TIME ON YOURS.
OHH. BURN!
[LAUGHS]
HEY, I'M SORRY.
I JUST GOT SWEPT AWAY
BY THE SUPERGOOD BURN.
SHUT UP!
AAH... AAH... AAH.
JACKIE?
THAT WAS
AN EXCELLENT BURN.
THANK YOU, FEZ.
NOW, PLEASE.
SIT NEXT TO FEZ.
MOVE IT.
WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU DOING
IN THE SHOWER
SO LONG?
YOU KNOW
IT WASTES WATER,
AND IT MIGHT
MAKE ME LATE.
IN FACT,
I AM DEFINITELY
NOT GONNA BE THE FIRST
PERSON THERE.
YOU KNOW HOW
THAT MAKES ME LOOK?
DAMN IT. YOU'VE GOT TO GROW UP
AND LEARN SOME RESPONSIBILITY.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
CARSEY-WERNER PRODUCTIONS
AND FOX BROADCASTING COMPANY
I LOVE YOU, TOO, DAD.
WHAT? STOP BEING WEIRD.
THANKS.